Fix community feedback (#1506)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/README.md

{% emqxce %}

> - **Massive Scale**: Scale to 100 million concurrent MQTT connections with a single EMQX 5.0 cluster, In 4.x this number is 10 million.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Massive Scale**: The number of concurrent MQTT sessions supported by one EMQX cluster has been increased from 10 million to 100 million. 
```

Reviewer: 我拿掉了4.x版本，觉得这个信息没有从10到100那么重要

Author: 4.x 不支持 100M，这个数字会引起用户的误解
